what's up everyone fill snippets here
with another new cydia tweak this one is
called custom grid 2 for iOS 6 and above
in this tweet can be found for 99 cents
under the bigboss repo let's go ahead
and check it out now first off you'll
notice that my springboard icons look
completely different and they have more
rows and columns but that's not the only
thing that this tweak can do let's go
ahead and check out the settings now
right here within the custom grid to
settings there's a ton of things that we
can adjust not only springboard but we
can also do folders we can do the dock
and we can also do the switcher now
there's also minor things like hive your
page dots or hide the icon labels so
they don't all get mixed up as you
notice in my springboard right here you
can see that the icons overlap the
labels so turning off the labels could
be something that you may want to do so
right here within the springboard just
the springboard settings we can go ahead
and adjust the rows the columns we can
adjust the horizontal spacing which will
be default spacing edge to edge evenly
spaced or together sing goes for the
vertical spacing over here default edge
to edge evenly spaced and together now
we can also invert for landscape and if
we go to the folder settings will have
similar settings since they're basically
hologrid you have the rose the columns
the spacing you have the hide labels and
also hide folder icon label so if you
want to do to do that on your folders so
over here we can also change up the dock
where we can add columns we can add
spacing so we can make the doc look a
little bit different if we go ahead and
enable this and we go ahead and add
let's say seven columns which is a lot
for an iphone but then we go ahead and
hide the labels and we choose the
spacing to be together or actually let's
choose edge to edge then we go over here
which kind of makes me mad because you
have to respring we'll just go ahead and
hide the page dots for giggles and
you'll notice before weary spring the
switcher settings are fairly similar
where you can go ahead and enable or
disable the switcher settings columns
spacing and hide the labels so let's go
ahead and respring real quick and we'll
see what our doc looks like now guys
there's a lot of fairly similar tweaks
to this in the city of store but I
always like to have the most
updated one so this one's for iOS 6 and
above and it's just been recently
released in the app store so I sorry not
the App Store but the cydia store so I
like to have the most recent tweaked out
there so there's no bugs or problems or
anything like that as you can see
they're currently evenly spaced within
my dock but we can go ahead and add more
icons into the dock right here so you
have quick access to all your icons is
that seven there we go we have 7 icons
right there and obviously if you tap on
them you can go ahead and overlap them
depending on your settings so guys this
tweak is called custom grid 2 for iOS 6
and above or iOS 6 plus and you can find
it for 99 cents under the bigboss repo
let me know what you guys think of the
tweak also let me know what other tweaks
you guys are using similar to this one
such as springtomize or more icons let
me know if you guys rather use those
than this one and what you guys like
about it so guys do that also please be
sure to give a thumbs up for the video
and subscribe down below or by clicking
the annotation on the screen you guys
can subscribe to the channel for daily
jailbreak videos also please be sure to
follow us on Twitter Google+ Instagram
and Facebook and check out iOS vlog com
for all of your latest daily iOS news
thank you all for watching and being
awesome viewers and I will see you all
in the next one wanted to get rid of the
red badge for pages over here for
facebook pages we just double tap on the
icon when it's in jiggle mode just like
that and as you saw the badges went away
we can do the same thing for I studies
pro and we can also do it for email now
for email I get a lot of YouTube
comments and subscriptions that I just
don't want to check all the time so I
get this ugly red badge over my email so